docs/whirlpool/docs/03-Whirlpools SDKs/03-Whirlpools Client.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: Whirlpools Client
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Orca Whirlpools Client SDK

## Overview
This SDK provides developers with low-level functionalities for interacting with the Whirlpool Program on Solana. It serves as a foundational tool that allows developers to manage and integrate detailed operations into their Typescript projects, particularly those related to Orca's Whirlpool Program. While a high-level SDK is available for easier integration, this package offers more granular control for advanced use cases.

## Key Features
- **Codama Client**: The package includes a set of generated client code based on the Whirlpool Program IDL. This ensures all the necessary program information is easily accessible in a structured format and handles all decoding and encoding of instructions and account data, making it much easier to interact with the program.
- **GPA (Get Program Accounts) Filters**: This feature contains utilities to add filters to program accounts, allowing developers to fetch program account data more selectively and efficiently.
- **PDA (Program Derived Addresses) Utilities**: This feature contains utility functions that help derive Program Derived Addresses (PDAs) for accounts within the Whirlpool Program, simplifying address generation for developers.

## Installation:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    **NOTE**: This SDK requires Solana Web3.js SDK v2. It is not compatible with the widely used v1.x.x version.
    ```bash
    npm install @orca-so/whirlpools-client
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    **NOTE**: This SDK requires Solana SDK v1. You can use this crate for cross-program-invocation (CPI)
    but you will have to disable the default features.
    ```bash
    cargo add orca_whirlpools_client
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Usage
Here are some basic examples of how to use the package.

### Fetching Whirlpool Accounts with Filters
The following example demonstrates how to fetch Whirlpools accounts based on specific filters, using the GPA utilities:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { createSolanaRpc, address, devnet } from '@solana/web3.js';
    import { fetchAllWhirlpoolWithFilter, whirlpoolTokenMintAFilter } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";

    const rpc = createSolanaRpc(devnet("https://api.devnet.solana.com"));

    const tokenMintA = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); //DevUSDC
    const filter = whirlpoolTokenMintAFilter(tokenMintA);

    const accounts = await fetchAllWhirlpoolWithFilter(rpc, filter);
    console.log(accounts);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    `orca_whirlpools_client` currently does not support fetching accounts with filters.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>



### Deriving a PDA
To derive a PDA for a Whirlpool account, you can use the `getWhirlpoolAddress` PDA utility.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { getWhirlpoolAddress } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";
    import { address } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const whirlpoolConfigAddress = address("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR");
    const tokenMintA = address("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112"); //wSOL
    const tokenMintB = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); //DevUSDC
    const tickSpacing = 64;

    const whirlpoolPda = await getWhirlpoolAddress(
        whirlpoolConfigAddress,
        tokenMintA,
        tokenMintB,
        tickSpacing,
    );
    console.log(whirlpoolPda);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools_client::get_whirlpool_address;
    use solana_sdk::pubkey::Pubkey;
    use std::str::FromStr;

    fn main() {
        let whirlpool_config_address = Pubkey::from_str("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR").unwrap();
        let token_mint_a = Pubkey::from_str("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112").unwrap(); // wSOL
        let token_mint_b = Pubkey::from_str("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k").unwrap(); // DevUSDC
        let tick_spacing = 64;

        let (whirlpool_pda, _bump) = get_whirlpool_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a, &token_mint_b, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        println!("{:?}", whirlpool_pda);
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Example: Initialize Pool Instruction
The following example demonstrates how to create an InitializePool instruction using the Codama-IDL autogenerated code:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { getInitializePoolV2Instruction, getTokenBadgeAddress, getWhirlpoolAddress, getFeeTierAddress } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";
    import { address, generateKeyPairSigner } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const whirlpoolConfigAddress = address("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR");
    const tokenMintA = address("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112"); // wSOL
    const tokenMintB = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); // DevUSDC
    const tokenBadgeA = await getTokenBadgeAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintA)
    const tokenBadgeB = await getTokenBadgeAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintB)
    const wallet = await generateKeyPairSigner(); // CAUTION: this wallet is not persistent
    const tickSpacing = 8;
    const whirlpool = await getWhirlpoolAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintA, tokenMintB, tickSpacing);
    const tokenVaultA = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    const tokenVaultB = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    const feeTier = await getFeeTierAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tickSpacing);
    const tokenProgramA = address("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA");
    const tokenProgramB = address("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA");
    const initialSqrtPrice = BigInt(7459106261056563200n);

    const initializePoolInstruction = getInitializePoolV2Instruction({
      whirlpoolsConfig: whirlpoolConfigAddress,
      tokenMintA,
      tokenMintB,
      tokenBadgeA,
      tokenBadgeB,
      funder: wallet,
      whirlpool,
      tokenVaultA,
      tokenVaultB,
      feeTier,
      whirlpoolBump: 1,
      tickSpacing,
      tokenProgramA,
      tokenProgramB,
      initialSqrtPrice
    });

    console.log(initializePoolInstruction);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools_client::{
        instructions::InitializePoolV2Builder,
        get_fee_tier_address,
        get_token_badge_address,
        get_whirlpool_address,
    };
    use solana_sdk::{
        pubkey::Pubkey,
        signer::{keypair::Keypair, Signer},
    };
    use std::str::FromStr;

    fn main() {
        let whirlpool_config_address = Pubkey::from_str("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR").unwrap();
        let token_mint_a = Pubkey::from_str("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112").unwrap(); // wSOL
        let token_mint_b = Pubkey::from_str("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k").unwrap(); // DevUSDC
        let (token_badge_a, _bump) = get_token_badge_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a).unwrap();
        let (token_badge_b, _bump) = get_token_badge_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_b).unwrap();
        let wallet = Keypair::new(); // CAUTION: this wallet is not persistent
        let tick_spacing = 8;
        let (whirlpool_pda, _bump) = get_whirlpool_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a, &token_mint_b, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        let token_vault_a = Keypair::new();
        let token_vault_b = Keypair::new();
        let (fee_tier, _bump) = get_fee_tier_address(&whirlpool_config_address, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        let token_program_a = Pubkey::from_str("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA").unwrap();
        let token_program_b = Pubkey::from_str("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA").unwrap();
        let initial_sqrt_price = 7459106261056563200u128;

        let initialize_pool_v2_instruction = InitializePoolV2Builder::new()
            .whirlpools_config(whirlpool_config_address)
            .token_mint_a(token_mint_a)
            .token_mint_b(token_mint_b)
            .token_badge_a(token_badge_a)
            .token_badge_b(token_badge_b)
            .funder(wallet.pubkey())
            .whirlpool(whirlpool_pda)
            .token_vault_a(token_vault_a.pubkey())
            .token_vault_b(token_vault_b.pubkey())
            .fee_tier(fee_tier)
            .token_program_a(token_program_a)
            .token_program_b(token_program_b)
            .tick_spacing(tick_spacing)
            .initial_sqrt_price(initial_sqrt_price)
            .instruction();

        println!("{:?}", initialize_pool_v2_instruction);
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

Updated Documentation for Rust SDK Compatibility with Solana SDK v2 (#751)
* Update docs

* Revert changes to integration tests

* Resolve comments

* Update environment setup doc

* Add changeset

---------

Co-authored-by: Will <82029448+wjthieme@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/whirlpool/docs/03-Whirlpools SDKs/03-Whirlpools Client.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: Whirlpools Client
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Orca Whirlpools Client SDK

## Overview
This SDK provides developers with low-level functionalities for interacting with the Whirlpool Program on Solana. It serves as a foundational tool that allows developers to manage and integrate detailed operations into their Typescript projects, particularly those related to Orca's Whirlpool Program. While a high-level SDK is available for easier integration, this package offers more granular control for advanced use cases.

## Key Features
- **Codama Client**: The package includes a set of generated client code based on the Whirlpool Program IDL. This ensures all the necessary program information is easily accessible in a structured format and handles all decoding and encoding of instructions and account data, making it much easier to interact with the program.
- **GPA (Get Program Accounts) Filters**: This feature contains utilities to add filters to program accounts, allowing developers to fetch program account data more selectively and efficiently.
- **PDA (Program Derived Addresses) Utilities**: This feature contains utility functions that help derive Program Derived Addresses (PDAs) for accounts within the Whirlpool Program, simplifying address generation for developers.

## Installation:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    **NOTE**: This SDK requires Solana Web3.js SDK v2. It is not compatible with the widely used v1.x.x version.
    ```bash
    npm install @orca-so/whirlpools-client
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ### Compatibility
    - Compatible with `anchor` versions `^0.26` but `<0.30`. If you enable the `anchor` feature of `orca_whirlpools_client` in `cargo.toml` while using a version of anchor that's `^0.30` in your project, you may need to apply a lockfile patch to switch to a lower version:
    ```bash
    cargo update anchor:<current-version> --precise 0.29
    ```
    - Compatible with `solana-program` versions `^1.18.0` but `<3.0.0`. By default, Cargo will install the latest version of Solana SDK `^v2`. This can cause dependcy issues when using older versions. To solve this you can apply a lockfile patch with the following command:
      ```bash
      cargo update solana-program:<current-version> --precise <required-version>
      ```
    - NOTE: if you are dealing with compatibility issues for both `anchor` and `solana-program`, the order of the patches matters. First patch `anchor`, then patch `solana-program`.
    ### Installation
    ```bash
    cargo add orca_whirlpools_client
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Usage
Here are some basic examples of how to use the package.

### Fetching Whirlpool Accounts with Filters
The following example demonstrates how to fetch Whirlpools accounts based on specific filters, using the GPA utilities:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { createSolanaRpc, address, devnet } from '@solana/web3.js';
    import { fetchAllWhirlpoolWithFilter, whirlpoolTokenMintAFilter } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";

    const rpc = createSolanaRpc(devnet("https://api.devnet.solana.com"));

    const tokenMintA = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); //DevUSDC
    const filter = whirlpoolTokenMintAFilter(tokenMintA);

    const accounts = await fetchAllWhirlpoolWithFilter(rpc, filter);
    console.log(accounts);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    `orca_whirlpools_client` currently does not support fetching accounts with filters.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>



### Deriving a PDA
To derive a PDA for a Whirlpool account, you can use the `getWhirlpoolAddress` PDA utility.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { getWhirlpoolAddress } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";
    import { address } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const whirlpoolConfigAddress = address("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR");
    const tokenMintA = address("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112"); //wSOL
    const tokenMintB = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); //DevUSDC
    const tickSpacing = 64;

    const whirlpoolPda = await getWhirlpoolAddress(
        whirlpoolConfigAddress,
        tokenMintA,
        tokenMintB,
        tickSpacing,
    );
    console.log(whirlpoolPda);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools_client::get_whirlpool_address;
    use solana_sdk::pubkey::Pubkey;
    use std::str::FromStr;

    fn main() {
        let whirlpool_config_address = Pubkey::from_str("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR").unwrap();
        let token_mint_a = Pubkey::from_str("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112").unwrap(); // wSOL
        let token_mint_b = Pubkey::from_str("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k").unwrap(); // DevUSDC
        let tick_spacing = 64;

        let (whirlpool_pda, _bump) = get_whirlpool_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a, &token_mint_b, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        println!("{:?}", whirlpool_pda);
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Example: Initialize Pool Instruction
The following example demonstrates how to create an InitializePool instruction using the Codama-IDL autogenerated code:

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { getInitializePoolV2Instruction, getTokenBadgeAddress, getWhirlpoolAddress, getFeeTierAddress } from "@orca-so/whirlpools-client";
    import { address, generateKeyPairSigner } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const whirlpoolConfigAddress = address("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR");
    const tokenMintA = address("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112"); // wSOL
    const tokenMintB = address("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k"); // DevUSDC
    const tokenBadgeA = await getTokenBadgeAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintA)
    const tokenBadgeB = await getTokenBadgeAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintB)
    const wallet = await generateKeyPairSigner(); // CAUTION: this wallet is not persistent
    const tickSpacing = 8;
    const whirlpool = await getWhirlpoolAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tokenMintA, tokenMintB, tickSpacing);
    const tokenVaultA = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    const tokenVaultB = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    const feeTier = await getFeeTierAddress(whirlpoolConfigAddress, tickSpacing);
    const tokenProgramA = address("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA");
    const tokenProgramB = address("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA");
    const initialSqrtPrice = BigInt(7459106261056563200n);

    const initializePoolInstruction = getInitializePoolV2Instruction({
      whirlpoolsConfig: whirlpoolConfigAddress,
      tokenMintA,
      tokenMintB,
      tokenBadgeA,
      tokenBadgeB,
      funder: wallet,
      whirlpool,
      tokenVaultA,
      tokenVaultB,
      feeTier,
      whirlpoolBump: 1,
      tickSpacing,
      tokenProgramA,
      tokenProgramB,
      initialSqrtPrice
    });

    console.log(initializePoolInstruction);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools_client::{
        instructions::InitializePoolV2Builder,
        get_fee_tier_address,
        get_token_badge_address,
        get_whirlpool_address,
    };
    use solana_sdk::{
        pubkey::Pubkey,
        signer::{keypair::Keypair, Signer},
    };
    use std::str::FromStr;

    fn main() {
        let whirlpool_config_address = Pubkey::from_str("FcrweFY1G9HJAHG5inkGB6pKg1HZ6x9UC2WioAfWrGkR").unwrap();
        let token_mint_a = Pubkey::from_str("So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112").unwrap(); // wSOL
        let token_mint_b = Pubkey::from_str("BRjpCHtyQLNCo8gqRUr8jtdAj5AjPYQaoqbvcZiHok1k").unwrap(); // DevUSDC
        let (token_badge_a, _bump) = get_token_badge_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a).unwrap();
        let (token_badge_b, _bump) = get_token_badge_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_b).unwrap();
        let wallet = Keypair::new(); // CAUTION: this wallet is not persistent
        let tick_spacing = 8;
        let (whirlpool_pda, _bump) = get_whirlpool_address(&whirlpool_config_address, &token_mint_a, &token_mint_b, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        let token_vault_a = Keypair::new();
        let token_vault_b = Keypair::new();
        let (fee_tier, _bump) = get_fee_tier_address(&whirlpool_config_address, tick_spacing).unwrap();
        let token_program_a = Pubkey::from_str("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA").unwrap();
        let token_program_b = Pubkey::from_str("TokenkegQfeZyiNwAJbNbGKPFXCWuBvf9Ss623VQ5DA").unwrap();
        let initial_sqrt_price = 7459106261056563200u128;

        let initialize_pool_v2_instruction = InitializePoolV2Builder::new()
            .whirlpools_config(whirlpool_config_address)
            .token_mint_a(token_mint_a)
            .token_mint_b(token_mint_b)
            .token_badge_a(token_badge_a)
            .token_badge_b(token_badge_b)
            .funder(wallet.pubkey())
            .whirlpool(whirlpool_pda)
            .token_vault_a(token_vault_a.pubkey())
            .token_vault_b(token_vault_b.pubkey())
            .fee_tier(fee_tier)
            .token_program_a(token_program_a)
            .token_program_b(token_program_b)
            .tick_spacing(tick_spacing)
            .initial_sqrt_price(initial_sqrt_price)
            .instruction();

        println!("{:?}", initialize_pool_v2_instruction);
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
