legacy-sdk/cli/README.md, before:

# Setting up your script environment
```bash
yarn
```

# Set your RPC and wallet
```bash
export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=<RPC URL>
export ANCHOR_WALLET=<WALLET JSON PATH>
```

Example:
```bash
export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=http://localhost:8899
export ANCHOR_WALLET=~/.config/solana/id.json
```

# Supported commands
Token-2022 tokens are acceptable 👍

## Config & FeeTier
### initialize
- `yarn start initializeConfig`: initialize new WhirlpoolsConfig account
- `yarn start initializeConfigExtension`: initialize new WhirlpoolsConfigExtension account
- `yarn start initializeFeeTier`: initialize new FeeTier account
- `yarn start initializeAdaptiveFeeTier`: initialize new AdaptiveFeeTier account

### update
- `yarn start setTokenBadgeAuthority`: set new TokenBadge authority on WhirlpoolsConfigExtension
- `yarn start setDefaultProtocolFeeRate`: set new default protocol fee rate on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setFeeAuthority`: set new fee authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setCollectProtocolFeesAuthority`: set new collect protocol fees authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setRewardEmissionsSuperAuthority`: set new reward emissions super authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setInitializePoolAuthority`: set new initialize pool authority on AdaptiveFeeTier
- `yarn start setPresetAdaptiveFeeConstants`: set new adaptive fee constants on AdaptiveFeeTier
- TODO: set config extension authority

## Whirlpool & TickArray
- `yarn start initializeWhirlpool`: initialize new Whirlpool account
- `yarn start initializeTickArray`: initialize new TickArray account

## TokenBadge
- `yarn start initializeTokenBadge`: initialize new TokenBadge account
- `yarn start deleteTokenBadge`: delete TokenBadge account

## Reward
- `yarn start setRewardAuthority`: set new reward authority of rewards on a whirlpool
- `yarn start initializeReward`: initialize new reward for a whirlpool
- `yarn start setRewardEmissions`: set reward emissions

## Position
- `yarn start openPosition`: open a new position
- `yarn start increaseLiquidity`: deposit to a position
- `yarn start decreaseLiquidity`: withdraw from a position
- `yarn start collectFees`: collect fees from a position
- `yarn start collectRewards`: collect rewards from a position
- `yarn start closePosition`: close an empty position
- `yarn start lockPosition`: lock a non-empty position permanently
- `yarn start transferLockedPosition`: transfer locked position
- `yarn start resetPositionRange`: reset the range setting of an empty position

## PositionBundle
- `yarn start initializePositionBundle`: create a new position bundle
- `yarn start syncPositionBundleState`: update the state of a position bundle based on an input CSV file

## Swap
- `yarn start pushPrice`: adjust pool price (possible if pool liquidity is zero or very small)

## WSOL and ATA creation
TODO: WSOL handling & create ATA if needed (workaround exists, please see the following)

## ALT
### Shared ALT
Shared ALT contains well-known program ID and WhirlpoolsConfig address and mint addresses.

Solana: `7Vyx1y8vG9e9Q1MedmXpopRC6ZhVaZzGcvYh5Z3Cs75i`
Eclipse: `Fsq7DQa13Lx9FvR5QheHigaccRkjiNqfnHQouXyFsg4z`

### Custom ALT
- `yarn start initializeAltForWhirlpool`: create ALT containing whirlpool address, mint address, vault address, some TickArray addresses and ATAs
- `yarn start initializeAltForBundledPositions`: create ALT containing all (256) bundled position addresses

### workaround for WSOL
CLI works well with ATA, so using WSOL on ATA is workaround.

- wrap 1 SOL: `spl-token wrap 1` (ATA for WSOL will be initialized with 1 SOL)
- unwrap: `spl-token unwrap` (ATA for WSOL will be closed)
- add 1 WSOL: `solana transfer <WSOL ATA address> 1` then `spl-token sync-native` (transfer & sync are needed)

### workaround for ATA
We can easily initialize ATA with spl-token CLI.

```
spl-token create-account <mint address>
```

Commit message:

Add export tx mode to cli (#1169)
* Add export tx mode to cli

* Tweaks

* Lint

* Tweak

* Update README and inline comment

---------

Co-authored-by: calintje <calsim113@gmail.com>

legacy-sdk/cli/README.md, after:

# Setting up your script environment
```bash
yarn
```

# Set your RPC and wallet
The CLI supports two tx processing modes:

1. Normal (sign + send):
Set `ANCHOR_WALLET` to the path of a local keypair file. In this mode, the CLI signs the transaction with that keypair and submits it to the network.
```bash
export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=http://localhost:8899
export ANCHOR_WALLET=~/.config/solana/id.json
```

2. Export (print unsigned tx):
Set `ANCHOR_WALLET` to a public key string instead of a keypair path. The CLI will not sign the transaction; it will output a base58-encoded unsigned transaction that you can copy into an external wallet for signing and submission.
```bash
export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=http://localhost:8899
export ANCHOR_WALLET=<YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY>
```

# Supported commands
Token-2022 tokens are acceptable 👍

## Config & FeeTier
### initialize
- `yarn start initializeConfig`: initialize new WhirlpoolsConfig account
- `yarn start initializeConfigExtension`: initialize new WhirlpoolsConfigExtension account
- `yarn start initializeFeeTier`: initialize new FeeTier account
- `yarn start initializeAdaptiveFeeTier`: initialize new AdaptiveFeeTier account

### update
- `yarn start setTokenBadgeAuthority`: set new TokenBadge authority on WhirlpoolsConfigExtension
- `yarn start setDefaultProtocolFeeRate`: set new default protocol fee rate on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setFeeAuthority`: set new fee authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setCollectProtocolFeesAuthority`: set new collect protocol fees authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setRewardEmissionsSuperAuthority`: set new reward emissions super authority on WhirlpoolsConfig
- `yarn start setInitializePoolAuthority`: set new initialize pool authority on AdaptiveFeeTier
- `yarn start setPresetAdaptiveFeeConstants`: set new adaptive fee constants on AdaptiveFeeTier
- TODO: set config extension authority

## Whirlpool & TickArray
- `yarn start initializeWhirlpool`: initialize new Whirlpool account
- `yarn start initializeTickArray`: initialize new TickArray account

## TokenBadge
- `yarn start initializeTokenBadge`: initialize new TokenBadge account
- `yarn start deleteTokenBadge`: delete TokenBadge account

## Reward
- `yarn start setRewardAuthority`: set new reward authority of rewards on a whirlpool
- `yarn start initializeReward`: initialize new reward for a whirlpool
- `yarn start setRewardEmissions`: set reward emissions

## Position
- `yarn start openPosition`: open a new position
- `yarn start increaseLiquidity`: deposit to a position
- `yarn start decreaseLiquidity`: withdraw from a position
- `yarn start collectFees`: collect fees from a position
- `yarn start collectRewards`: collect rewards from a position
- `yarn start closePosition`: close an empty position
- `yarn start lockPosition`: lock a non-empty position permanently
- `yarn start transferLockedPosition`: transfer locked position
- `yarn start resetPositionRange`: reset the range setting of an empty position

## PositionBundle
- `yarn start initializePositionBundle`: create a new position bundle
- `yarn start syncPositionBundleState`: update the state of a position bundle based on an input CSV file

## Swap
- `yarn start pushPrice`: adjust pool price (possible if pool liquidity is zero or very small)

## WSOL and ATA creation
TODO: WSOL handling & create ATA if needed (workaround exists, please see the following)

## ALT
### Shared ALT
Shared ALT contains well-known program ID and WhirlpoolsConfig address and mint addresses.

Solana: `7Vyx1y8vG9e9Q1MedmXpopRC6ZhVaZzGcvYh5Z3Cs75i`
Eclipse: `Fsq7DQa13Lx9FvR5QheHigaccRkjiNqfnHQouXyFsg4z`

### Custom ALT
- `yarn start initializeAltForWhirlpool`: create ALT containing whirlpool address, mint address, vault address, some TickArray addresses and ATAs
- `yarn start initializeAltForBundledPositions`: create ALT containing all (256) bundled position addresses

### workaround for WSOL
CLI works well with ATA, so using WSOL on ATA is workaround.

- wrap 1 SOL: `spl-token wrap 1` (ATA for WSOL will be initialized with 1 SOL)
- unwrap: `spl-token unwrap` (ATA for WSOL will be closed)
- add 1 WSOL: `solana transfer <WSOL ATA address> 1` then `spl-token sync-native` (transfer & sync are needed)

### workaround for ATA
We can easily initialize ATA with spl-token CLI.

```
spl-token create-account <mint address>
```
