docs/whirlpool/docs/03-Whirlpools SDKs/01-Whirlpools/02-Environment Setup.mdx, before:

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Environment setup
This document covers the essential setup required to start building on Orca’s SDK using the Whirlpools protocol. It includes wallet setup, RPC client configuration, airdropping tokens for testing, and the basics of interacting with the Solana ecosystem.

## Prerequisites
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    Before you start, ensure you have Node.js version 20 or higher installed on your machine. Download it from the official website: https://nodejs.org/.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    Before you start, ensure you have Rust installed. To ensure compatibility with the Solana SDK v1.18, we recommend using `rustc 1.78.0`.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 1. Initialize a new project
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    Create a new project directory:

    ```bash
    mkdir <project-name>
    cd <project-name>
    ```

    Initialize a new Node.js project:

    ```bash
    npm init -y
    ```

    Install the necessary packages:

    ```bash
    npm install typescript @orca-so/whirlpools @solana/web3.js@2
    ```

    Initialize the project as a TypeScript project:

    ```bash
    npx tsc --init
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    Initialize a new Rust project:

    ```bash
    cargo new <project-name>
    ```

    Add the necessary dependencies to your project:

    ```bash
    cargo add orca_whirlpools solana-sdk@1.18 solana-client@1.18 tokio serde_json
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 2. Wallet Management
You can [generate a file system wallet using the Solana CLI](https://docs.solanalabs.com/cli/wallets/file-system) and load it in your program.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { createKeyPairSignerFromBytes } from '@solana/web3.js';
    import fs from 'fs';

    const keyPairBytes = new Uint8Array(JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync('path/to/solana-keypair.json', 'utf8')));
    const wallet = await createKeyPairSignerFromBytes(keyPairBytes);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use solana_sdk::signer::keypair::Keypair;
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;
    use std::fs;

    fn main() {
        let wallet_string = fs::read_to_string("path/to/wallet.json").unwrap();
        let keypair_bytes: Vec<u8> = serde_json::from_str(&wallet_string).unwrap();
        let wallet = Keypair::from_bytes(&keypair_bytes).unwrap();
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ⚠️ Important: Never share your private key publicly.

## 3. Configure the Whirlpools SDK for Your Network
Orca's Whirlpools SDK supports several networks: Solana Mainnet, Solana Devnet, Eclipse Mainnet, and Eclipse Testnet. To select a network, use the `setWhirlpoolsConfig` function. This ensures compatibility with the network you’re deploying on.

#### Example: Setting the SDK Configuration to Solana Devnet
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { setWhirlpoolsConfig } from '@orca-so/whirlpools';

    await setWhirlpoolsConfig('solanaDevnet');
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools::{WhirlpoolsConfigInput, set_whirlpools_config_address};

    fn main() {
      set_whirlpools_config_address(WhirlpoolsConfigInput::SolanaDevnet).unwrap();
      // Rest of the code
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Available networks are:

- solanaMainnet
- solanaDevnet
- eclipseMainnet
- eclipseTestnet

> ℹ️ The `setWhirlpoolsConfig` function accepts either one of Orca's default network keys or a custom `Address`. This allows you to specify a WhirlpoolsConfig account of your choice, including configurations not owned by Orca. To learn more about WhirlpoolsConfig read our [Account Architecture](../../02-Architecture%20Overview/01-Account%20Architecture.md) documentation.

## 4. Airdrop SOL to Your Wallet
Once your wallet is created, you will need some SOL to pay for transactions. You can request an airdrop of SOL from the network, but this is only available on **Solana Devnet** and **Ecipse Testnet**.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { generateKeyPair, createSolanaRpc, devnet, getAddressFromPublicKey } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const devnetRpc = createSolanaRpc(devnet('https://api.devnet.solana.com'));
    const wallet = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    devnetRpc.requestAirdrop(
      wallet.address,
      lamports(1000000000n)
    ).send()
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use solana_client::rpc_client::RpcClient;
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;

    fn main() {
      // Rest of the code
      let rpc_client = RpcClient::new("https://api.devnet.solana.com");
      match rpc_client.request_airdrop(&wallet.pubkey(), 1_000_000_000) {
          Ok(signature) => println!("Airdrop successful. Transactoin signature: {:?}", signature),
          Err(e) => println!("Error: {:?}", e),
      }
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 5. Set the default funder for Transactions
After funding your wallet, you can set the wallet as the **FUNDER** for future transactions within the SDK. The funder is the account that will cover the transaction costs for initializing pools, providing liquidity, etc.
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { setDefaultFunder } from '@orca-so/whirlpools';

    setDefaultFunder(wallet);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools::{set_funder};
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;

    fn main() {
      // Rest of the code
      set_funder(wallet.pubkey()).unwrap();
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Next steps
Once you’ve completed the setup, you can move on to building more complex functionalities using the Orca SDK, such as creating and managing pools, providing liquidity, etc. Refer to individual function documentation to use this wallet setup in action.

Commit message:

Updated Documentation for Rust SDK Compatibility with Solana SDK v2 (#751)
* Update docs

* Revert changes to integration tests

* Resolve comments

* Update environment setup doc

* Add changeset

---------

Co-authored-by: Will <82029448+wjthieme@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/whirlpool/docs/03-Whirlpools SDKs/01-Whirlpools/02-Environment Setup.mdx, after:

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Environment setup
This document covers the essential setup required to start building on Orca’s SDK using the Whirlpools protocol. It includes wallet setup, RPC client configuration, airdropping tokens for testing, and the basics of interacting with the Solana ecosystem.

## Prerequisites
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    Before you start, ensure you have Node.js version 20 or higher installed on your machine. Download it from the official website: https://nodejs.org/.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    Before you start, ensure you have Rust installed. To ensure compatibility with the Solana SDK v1.18, we recommend using `rustc 1.78.0`.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 1. Initialize a new project
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    Create a new project directory:

    ```bash
    mkdir <project-name>
    cd <project-name>
    ```

    Initialize a new Node.js project:

    ```bash
    npm init -y
    ```

    Install the necessary packages:

    ```bash
    npm install typescript @orca-so/whirlpools @solana/web3.js@2
    ```

    Initialize the project as a TypeScript project:

    ```bash
    npx tsc --init
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    Initialize a new Rust project:

    ```bash
    cargo new <project-name>
    ```

    Add the necessary dependencies to your project:

    ```bash
    cargo add orca_whirlpools solana-sdk solana-client tokio serde_json
    ```

    **Note**: If you're using the Rust SDK in an already existing project which does not use the latest version of Solana SDK, you may need to apply a patchfile lock with the following command:
    ```bash
    cargo update solana-sdk:<current-version> --precise <required-version>
    ```
    You might also have to apply lockfile patches for `solana-program`, `solana-client`, `solana-account-decoder`, `spl-token`, `spl-memo`, `spl-token-2022`, `spl-associated-token-account`.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 2. Wallet Management
You can [generate a file system wallet using the Solana CLI](https://docs.solanalabs.com/cli/wallets/file-system) and load it in your program.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { createKeyPairSignerFromBytes } from '@solana/web3.js';
    import fs from 'fs';

    const keyPairBytes = new Uint8Array(JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync('path/to/solana-keypair.json', 'utf8')));
    const wallet = await createKeyPairSignerFromBytes(keyPairBytes);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use solana_sdk::signer::keypair::Keypair;
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;
    use std::fs;

    fn main() {
        let wallet_string = fs::read_to_string("path/to/wallet.json").unwrap();
        let keypair_bytes: Vec<u8> = serde_json::from_str(&wallet_string).unwrap();
        let wallet = Keypair::from_bytes(&keypair_bytes).unwrap();
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ⚠️ Important: Never share your private key publicly.

## 3. Configure the Whirlpools SDK for Your Network
Orca's Whirlpools SDK supports several networks: Solana Mainnet, Solana Devnet, Eclipse Mainnet, and Eclipse Testnet. To select a network, use the `setWhirlpoolsConfig` function. This ensures compatibility with the network you’re deploying on.

#### Example: Setting the SDK Configuration to Solana Devnet
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { setWhirlpoolsConfig } from '@orca-so/whirlpools';

    await setWhirlpoolsConfig('solanaDevnet');
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools::{WhirlpoolsConfigInput, set_whirlpools_config_address};

    fn main() {
      set_whirlpools_config_address(WhirlpoolsConfigInput::SolanaDevnet).unwrap();
      // Rest of the code
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Available networks are:

- solanaMainnet
- solanaDevnet
- eclipseMainnet
- eclipseTestnet

> ℹ️ The `setWhirlpoolsConfig` function accepts either one of Orca's default network keys or a custom `Address`. This allows you to specify a WhirlpoolsConfig account of your choice, including configurations not owned by Orca. To learn more about WhirlpoolsConfig read our [Account Architecture](../../02-Architecture%20Overview/01-Account%20Architecture.md) documentation.

## 4. Airdrop SOL to Your Wallet
Once your wallet is created, you will need some SOL to pay for transactions. You can request an airdrop of SOL from the network, but this is only available on **Solana Devnet** and **Ecipse Testnet**.

<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { generateKeyPair, createSolanaRpc, devnet, getAddressFromPublicKey } from '@solana/web3.js';

    const devnetRpc = createSolanaRpc(devnet('https://api.devnet.solana.com'));
    const wallet = await generateKeyPairSigner();
    devnetRpc.requestAirdrop(
      wallet.address,
      lamports(1000000000n)
    ).send()
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use solana_client::rpc_client::RpcClient;
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;

    fn main() {
      // Rest of the code
      let rpc_client = RpcClient::new("https://api.devnet.solana.com");
      match rpc_client.request_airdrop(&wallet.pubkey(), 1_000_000_000) {
          Ok(signature) => println!("Airdrop successful. Transactoin signature: {:?}", signature),
          Err(e) => println!("Error: {:?}", e),
      }
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 5. Set the default funder for Transactions
After funding your wallet, you can set the wallet as the **FUNDER** for future transactions within the SDK. The funder is the account that will cover the transaction costs for initializing pools, providing liquidity, etc.
<Tabs groupId="programming-languages">
  <TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript" default>
    ```tsx
    import { setDefaultFunder } from '@orca-so/whirlpools';

    setDefaultFunder(wallet);
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">
    ```rust
    use orca_whirlpools::{set_funder};
    use solana_sdk::signature::Signer;

    fn main() {
      // Rest of the code
      set_funder(wallet.pubkey()).unwrap();
    }
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Next steps
Once you’ve completed the setup, you can move on to building more complex functionalities using the Orca SDK, such as creating and managing pools, providing liquidity, etc. Refer to individual function documentation to use this wallet setup in action.
